update profile readme (#4)
neondatabase/.github: profile/README.md

[![Neon](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13738772/236813940-dcfdcb5b-69d3-449b-a686-013febe834d4.png)](https://neon.tech)

<div align="center">
  <h1>Neon: Serverless Postgres</h1>
  <br />
  <a href="https://neon.tech/docs/get-started-with-neon/signing-up">Get started</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://neon.tech/docs/introduction">Docs</a>
  <br />
  <hr />
</div>

Neon is Serverless Postgres built for the cloud. Neon separates compute and storage to offer modern developer features such as autoscaling, branching, bottomless storage, and more. [Read the documentation to get started](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction).

## Who's using Neon?

Explore [success stories](https://neon.tech/case-studies) to see more.

## 💚 Community

> Join us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/92vNTzKDGp) to chat with the Neon community, share, or ask questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us on [Discord](https://neon.tech/discord) to chat with the Neon community, share, or ask questions.
```
